Once upon a time there was a
sweet little girl. Everyone loved
her. Most of all her grandmother.
So one day she gave her a red
velvet hat. The girl always wore
the hat and since then she has
been called Little Red Riding
Hood.
One day her grandmother was ill.
So Little Red Riding Hood went to bring her wine and
biscuits. That would surely make her feel better. Her
mother told her not to go off the path and to be
careful. She also had to be polite and say goodbye to
grandmother.
Little Red Riding Hood promised to do
so and went on her way.
Grandmother lived deep in the forest,
more than half an hour's walk from
the village. In the forest Little Red
Riding Hood encountered the wolf.
She did not know he was dangerous.
So she was not afraid at all.
"Good morning Little Red Riding Hood," the wolf said.
"I'm going to bring Grandma wine and biscuits because
she is sick," said Little Red Riding Hood. "Where does
your grandmother live?" the wolf then asked. "Less
than half an hour further into the forest, in the cottage
under the three big oaks," said
Little Red Riding Hood.
The wolf, meanwhile, was thinking
of something else entirely: that
Little Red Riding Hood was a nice
tender morsel and would probably
taste even better than the tough
grandmother. If he was smart, he
could eat them both. So the wolf
came along and said, "Look at these beautiful flowers.
Don't you want to look around for a bit?"
Little Red Riding Hood wanted to pick a beautiful
bouquet for grandmother. It was still early, so she had
plenty of time. And so she left the path and wandered
deeper and deeper into the forest.
Meanwhile, the wolf walked straight to grandmother's
house and knocked on the door.
"Who is there?" "Little Red Riding
Hood with wine and biscuits, open
up!" "Come in. I can't get up," said
grandmother.
When the wolf was inside, he
jumped onto the bed and....ate
grandmother in one go. Then he
put on her nightgown, put on her
nightcap and got into bed with the curtains closed.
When Little Red Riding Hood arrived at the cottage
with her arms full of flowers, she was surprised to find
the door open. Inside, everything seemed so strange.
She became afraid but did not know why. "Good
morning," Little Red Riding Hood said, but no one
answered. Then she opened the curtains. In the bed lay
Grandmother but she looked so strange with her
sleeping cap over her face.
"Oh, grandmother," she said, "what big ears you have."
"The better to hear you with,
my child," was the reply.
"But, grandmother, what big eyes
you have," she said.
"The better to see you with, my
dear."
"But, grandmother, what large
hands you have."
"The better to hug you with."
"Oh, but, grandmother, what a
terrible big mouth you have."
"The better to eat you with."
The wolf jumped out of bed and swallowed up Little
Red Riding Hood. With his belly so full, he slept soundly
and snored like a king.
A hunter came by. He thought: "That old woman is
snoring very loudly. I'll go and have a look". He saw the
wolf and said, "So here you are, you old sinner. I've
been looking for you for so long."
He wanted to shoot the wolf with his rifle but suddenly
realized that the wolf might have eaten grandmother.
Who knows, he might be able to save her. He cut open
the belly of the sleeping wolf with a pair of scissors
and immediately saw a red cap. The girl jumped out and
cried: "I was soooo afraid in the wolf's belly. It was
soooo dark there." And after that the aged
grandmother came out alive also, but scarcely able to
breathe.
Then the hunter filled the wolf's belly with stones.
When the wolf woke up, he wanted to run away. But
the stones stopped him. He fell to the ground and never
woke up again.
The hunter, grandmother and Little Red Riding Hood
were happy. The hunter took the wolf's fur home.
Grandmother drank the wine, ate all the biscuits and
soon felt a lot better. And Little Red Riding Hood said to
herself, "I will never leave the forest path again for as
long as I live and I will always listen to my mother."